1. Which linear regression training algorithm can you use if you have a
training set with millions of features?

Normal Eq -> too expensive
Use GD(mini batch descent) or SGD

Good models:
Regularized linear models, prevent overfitting and cut out noise.

2. Suppose the features in your training set have very different scales. Which
algorithms might suffer from this, and how? What can you do about it?

Gradient descent struggles because it takes steps based on feature values, large
scale featuers can dominate.

Fix: Feature Scaling(Standardization or Normalisation)


3. Can gradient descent get stuck in a local minimum when training a logistic
regression model?

No. Logistic Regression has a convex loss function (bowl), GD always reaches bottom(min)


4. Do all gradient descent algorithms lead to the same model, provided you let
them run long enough?

Yes, if loss is convex (only global min).
No if loss is non convex.

5. Suppose you use batch gradient descent and you plot the validation error at
every epoch. If you notice that the validation error consistently goes up,
what is likely going on? How can you fix this?

Overfitting to training data. 
Fix: Early Stopping, Regularization, Simpler model


6. Is it a good idea to stop mini-batch gradient descent immediately when the
validation error goes up?

Mini-batch GD is noisy -> one increase doesnt indicate real overfitting.


7. Which gradient descent algorithm (among those we discussed) will reach
the vicinity of the optimal solution the fastest? Which will actually
converge? How can you make the others converge as well?

SGD makes quick noisy updates.
Batch GD, smoother, slower, more stable path, exact convergence(optimal for convex).
Mini-batch GD, Faster than batch, more stable than SGD

Tactics for convergence:
Learning rate decay


8. Suppose you are using polynomial regression. You plot the learning curves
and you notice that there is a large gap between the training error and the
validation error. What is happening? What are three ways to solve this?

Overfitting

Fixes:
Regularization
Simpler model


9. Suppose you are using ridge regression and you notice that the training
error and the validation error are almost equal and fairly high. Would you
say that the model suffers from high bias or high variance? Should you
increase the regularization hyperparameter α or reduce it?

High Bias(Underfitting), model is too Simpler

Fix:
Reduce(a) regularization strenght, model cant fit data well.

10. Why would you want to use:
a. Ridge regression instead of plain linear regression (i.e., without
any regularization)?

Reduce overfitting.

b. Lasso instead of ridge regression?

Lasso(L1) drives feature selection.(Many useless featuers)

c. Elastic net instead of lasso regression?

Elastic net is good when there are many correlated featuers. 
L1(Lasso) will pick a feature randomly and kill the rest.
L2(Ridge) helps spread weight across correlated featuers.
Keeps groups of related features instead of picking one randomly

11. Suppose you want to classify pictures as outdoor/indoor and
daytime/nighttime. Should you implement two logistic regression classifiers
or one softmax regression classifier?

2 binary, softmax is for mutually exclusive.


