3. Why is it generally preferable to use a logistic regression classifier
rather than a classic perceptron (i.e., a single layer of threshold
logic units trained using the perceptron training algorithm)? How
can you tweak a perceptron to make it equivalent to a logistic
regression classifier?

perceptron is not diffrentiable -> limited learning.
Tweak: replace step function with sigmoid

4. Why was the sigmoid activation function a key ingredient in
training the first MLPs?

Sigmoid activation is diffrentiable(backpropagation) and Non linear(lets network learn complex patterns)

5. Name three popular activation functions. Can you draw them?

Sigmoid: S shape 1/1 + e^-z, 0 to 1
TanH: S shape but -1 to 1, centered at 0
ReLU: 0 for negative, linear for postive

Suppose you have an MLP composed of one input layer with 10
passthrough neurons, followed by one hidden layer with 50
artificial neurons, and finally one output layer with 3 artificial
neurons. All artificial neurons use the ReLU activation function.

a. What is the shape of the input matrix X?

(n, 10)

b. What are the shapes of the hidden layer’s weight matrix
Wh and bias vector bh?

weight matrix (10, 50)
bias matrix (1, 50)

c. What are the shapes of the output layer’s weight matrix
Wo and bias vector bo?

weight: (50, 3)
bias: (1, 3)

d. What is the shape of the network’s output matrix Y?

output: (n,3)

e. Write the equation that computes the network’s output
matrix Y as a function of X, Wh, bh, Wo, and bo.

Y = (RelU(Wh(X) + bh))Wo + bo

7. How many neurons do you need in the output layer if you want to
classify email into spam or ham? What activation function should
you use in the output layer? If instead you want to tackle MNIST,
how many neurons do you need in the output layer, and which
activation function should you use? What about for getting your
network to predict housing prices, as in Chapter 2?

Spam or ham: 1 output neutron, using sigmoid for probability.

MNIST: 10 outputs (for each number 0-9), using softmax to combine them into probabilities.

8. What is backpropagation and how does it work? What is the
difference between backpropagation and reverse-mode autodiff?

Computes gradients of the loss w.r.t. all weights by applying the chain rule backward through the network.

backpropagation is the specific application of reverse-mode autodiff for neural networks.

9. Can you list all the hyperparameters you can tweak in a basic
MLP? If the MLP overfits the training data, how could you tweak
these hyperparameters to try to solve the problem?

Hyperparameters: Number of hidden layers, Number of neurons per layer, Activation Function, Learning rate,
Optimizer, Regularisation, Droupout rate.

How to reduce overfitting: reduce hidden layers, reduce number of neurons per layer, Regularisation, Droupout.

